DataSources: Azure Monitor, enable to query AppInsights() (#37473)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/azuremonitor/template-variables.md

The Azure Monitor data source provides the following queries you can specify in the Query field in the Variable edit view

| Name                                                                               | Description                                                                                                      |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Subscriptions()`                                                                  | Returns subscriptions.                                                                                           |
| `ResourceGroups()`                                                                 | Returns resource groups.                                                                                         |

> | `ResourceGroups(subscriptionID)`                                                   | Returns resource groups for a specified subscription.                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ResourceGroups(subscriptionID)`                                                   | Returns resource groups for the specified subscription.                                                            |
```

| `MetricNames(aResourceGroup, aMetricDefinition, aResourceName, aMetricNamespace)`  | Returns a list of metric names.                                                                                  |
| `MetricNames(aSubscriptionID, aMetricDefinition, aResourceName, aMetricNamespace)` | Returns a list of metric names for a specified subscription.                                                     |
| `workspaces()`                                                                     | Returns a list of workspaces for the default subscription.                                                       |
| `workspaces(subscriptionID)`                                                       | Returns a list of workspaces for the specified subscription (the parameter can be quoted or unquoted).           |
| `AppInsights()`                                                                    | Returns a list of Application Insights for the default subscription.                                             |

> | `AppInsights(subscriptionID)`                                                      | Returns a list of Application Insights for the specified subscription (the parameter can be quoted or unquoted). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AppInsights(subscriptionID)`                                                      | Returns a list of Application Insights for the specified subscription (the parameter can be within quotes or without). |
```
